#summary Backlog items
#labels PDF,Java,Tools,Java

= Backlog =


This page contains a non-exhaustive list of backlog items.


== Release 1.0 ==

  * Complete.
  * Includes upgrade from JODReports 2.x to JODReports 3.x


== Release 1.1 ==

=== Book Publisher ===

==== Build TOC Page ====

  * Revise Table of Contents (TOC) template document (toc-template.odt).

==== Defaults ====

  * Default paper size according to Locale (eg. A4, LETTER).

==== Add PDF Bookmarks ====

  * Add PDF Bookmarks to PDF book file. See [http://api.itextpdf.com/com/itextpdf/text/pdf/SimpleBookmark.html iText Simple Bookmark helper class].


== Release 1.x ==

=== General ===

  * Review performance for processing large doc sets (i.e. memory usage. thread count).
  * Revise verbose and debug logging. Use log4j ?
  * Review GPL v3 license model
  * Review command line (CLI) options and usage messages for all tools.
  * Convert project to Maven 2 POM.

=== Book Publisher ===

==== TOC XML Configuration File ====

Use a TOC XML config file to provide grouping of TOC entries and provide default meta-data (eg. title).

eg.

{{{
<toc-configuration base="/home/somebody/work/source-docs">
   <toc-template file="toc.odt">
      <title>Table of Contents</title>
   </toc-template>
   <toc-entries>
      <toc-entry-group title=”Day 1”>
         <toc-entry file="overview.pdf">
            <title>Overview</title>
            <author>Basil Brush</author>
            <keywords>overview</keywords>
            <subject>overview</subject>
          </toc-entry>
      <toc-entry-group>
      <toc-entry-group title=”Day 2”>
         <toc-entry file="configuration.pdf">
            <title>Configuration</title>
            <author>Erik The Viking </author>
            <keywords>configuration, setup</keywords>
            <subject>configuration</subject>
         </toc-entry>
      </toc-entry-group>
   </toc-entries>
</toc-configuration>
}}}

**Notes**
  * If PDF metadata does not have a title, author etc, default to values from TOC configuration entry.
  * Use commons Digester to parse toc XML configuration into toc Entry model objects.
  * Update TOC model objects with details collected during pdf assembly.
  * Assume TOC template file path differs from PDF or ODT slide file path ?

==== PDF Edit Meta ====

(using iText)

  * Read source PDF
  * Create new PDF doc, add content bytes from source PDF, update meta title, subject etc.
  * Write new PDF doc

==== PDF Bookmarks ====

  * Create PDF with bookmarks
  * Add “open bookmarks” flag/status to PDF so the bookmarks view opens automatically when Acrobat opens PDF.