#summary Usage

= Pre-Requisite =

Checkout, build and deploy the PDF Publishing tools.

= Usage =

Basic workflow:

  * Start Open Office in "headless" (aka. server) mode.
  * Run required publishing tool (eg. book publisher, pdf publisher)
  * Stop Open Office

= Dependency =

== Open Office ==

Start Open Office in "headless" mode on localhost, listen on port 8100 :

=== Mac OS X ===

{{{
/Applications/OpenOffice.org.app/Contents/MacOS/soffice.bin -headless -accept="socket,host=127.0.0.1,port=8100;urp;" -nofirststartwizard
}}}

=== Windows XP/Vista/7 ===

{{{
soffice -headless -accept="socket,host=127.0.0.1,port=8100;urp;" -nofirststartwizard
}}}

=== Start Open Office Script ===

Sample Bourne Shell script.

{{{
% PDF_PUB_TOOLS_BIN/run-book-publisher-cli.sh  start-open-office-headless.sh
}}}


== Tools ==

=== Command Line Interfaces (CLI) ===

==== Book Publisher CLI ====

Purpose: 

Exports Open Office docs to PDF and assembled into PDF book with a Table of Contents (TOC).

Java Class: 

net.mitnet.tools.pdf.book.publisher.ui.cli.BookPublisherCLI

Usage: 

{{{
% PDF_PUB_TOOLS_BIN/run-book-publisher-cli.sh -indir <input-dir> -ooutdir <output-dir> -outbook <output-pdf-book>
}}}

==== Open Office Doc Converter CLI ====

Purpose: 

Converts Open Office docs (eg. *.odt) to PDF (by default)

Java Cass 

net.mitnet.tools.pdf.openoffice.ui.cli.OpenOfficeDocConverterCLI

Usage: 

{{{
% $PDF_PUB_TOOLS_BIN/run-oo-doc-conv-cli.sh  -indir <input-dir>  -outbook <output-book-file>
}}}


==== Pdf Book Builder CLI ====

Purpose: 

Assembles a set of PDF files into a 2up PDF book.

Java Class: 

net.mitnet.tools.pdf.pdf.builder.ui.cli.PdfBookBuilderCLI

Usage: 



{{{
% $PDF_PUB_TOOLS_BIN/run-pdf-book-builder-cli.sh  -indir <input-dir>  -outbook <output-book-file>
}}}

=== Graphical User Interface (GUI) ===

==== Book Publisher GUI ====

Purpose: 

Graphical interface to the Book Publisher tools. The GUI is equivalent to the Book Publisher CLI 

Java Class: 

net.mitnet.tools.pdf.book.publisher.ui.gui.BookPublisherGUI

Usage: 

{{{
% PDF_PUB_TOOLS_BIN/run-book-publisher-gui.sh -indir <input-dir> -ooutdir <output-dir> -outbook <output-pdf-book>
}}}